The current state of the RF signal generator project is partially successful. The project's objective was to design a circuit that could be FPGA or microcontroller controlled to provide a signal source as a stimulus for taking sampling parameter measurements in detecting fraudulent integrated circuits. The necessary signal features needed to be within a specified output well into the GHz range, have attenuation, and gain control. The board was designed using the MAX2871 synthesizer as the main signal source. This device is SPI controlled where input values into onboard registers allow for the output signal properties to be altered.

Upon testing the device, it was able to generate a fairly weak signal centered around 1.2 GHz, which was expected and proved to be a partial success for the design. However, attempts to control the output frequency or the other supporting IC's using SPI were not successful. This particular output seems to be a product of just outputting based on the preconfigured register values or something like that in the chip since those values were unable to be written to.

The MAX2871 has a designated input for 3.3V from the microcontroller to be used to control its digital signals. Upon connecting this pin and any of the controlling SPI pins, the synthesizer no longer outputs its signal. Continuing with this project, looking into that particular input would be the most likely proper course of action in getting the device fully functional. This large issue prevented testing of the other ICs to modify the signal. Therefore, it is possible that work needs to be done to those as well to complete the overall signal generation system. However, getting the output to work properly would be the first course of action in getting the other ICs operational.

Systematic testing at each of the RF stages would provide a means of debugging each of the ICs on their own to isolate any issues or added noise or oscillations in any of the respective stages. Other working portions of the project included a working DC to 1.5GHz low pass filter IC to help reduce harmonics from the synthesizer, which showed promising results when looking at the output on the spectrum analyzer. The current implementation proved to be a small device that, if working correctly, would meet all project expectations. The hardware was designed to be small and utilize only small SMD components so that it could be implemented onto a final hardware implementation to be combined with the receiving end of the sampling parameter device.
